
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
System name = DESKTOP-8QLI3OH
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.61.42
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
Hostname = www.youtube.com
protocol = HTTPS, SSH Not Supported
 Destination IP =  192.168.43.1
 Port = 53
